add iframe view option (#369)
piiano/vault-typescript: sdk/forms/README.md

# @piiano/forms

Make your forms compliant with PCI or any other privacy regulation by securely managing sensitive data before submitting it to your backend. Using `@piiano/forms`, you can tokenize, encrypt, or store sensitive data directly in Piiano Vault without exposing it to your backend.

## Table of Contents

- [When to Use Piiano Forms](#when-to-use-piiano-forms)
  - [Example Use Cases](#example-use-cases)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [API](#api)
  - [createProtectedForm](#createprotectedform)
    - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Goal](#goal)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [createProtectedView](#createprotectedview)
    - [Overview](#overview-1)
    - [Goal](#goal-1)
    - [Usage](#usage-1)
  - [controlForm](#controlform)
    - [Overview](#overview-2)
    - [Goal](#goal-2)
    - [Usage](#usage-2)
- [Recommended Vault Authorization Techniques](#recommended-vault-authorization-techniques)
- [Benefits of Using Piiano Vault with Piiano Forms](#benefits-of-using-piiano-vault-with-piiano-forms)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

## When to Use Piiano Forms

> Piiano Forms is ideal for any use case where you want to collect sensitive information (e.g., credit card details, personal contact information) securely and make sure that it does not reach your backend in raw form.

Reviewer: @ori-shalom - wouldn't you want to include the protected view use cases here as well. This is the overview so it makes sense to me to have the view options also here

### Example Use Cases:

- **Credit Card Payments**: Save credit card details in Vault and use Vault to pass them to payment gateways when
  needed, without making your entire backend PCI compliant.
- **Marketing Automation**: Save personal contact information like phone numbers and emails in Vault, and use Vault to
  send it to marketing tools for sending emails and SMS, without exposing this data to your backend.
- **Shipping Addresses**: Store addresses in Vault, and use it to pass them to shipping providers for deliveries,
  maintaining complete privacy.

## How It Works

Piiano Forms interacts exclusively with Piiano Vault, ensuring that all sensitive data is securely tokenized, encrypted, or stored before any further processing. This interaction happens directly between the form and Piiano Vault, without involving your backend. This approach is beneficial as:

1. The Vault can be configured to allow communication only from the allowed origin of the form.
2. The form iframe is served with strict CSP (Content Security Policy) headers, making it a sandbox that prevents PII from leaking out, while allowing exclusive communication with the Vault.

> This architecture ensures that even if the user frontend is compromised (e.g., via a malicious package or XSS attack), the attacker cannot access the iframe content or manipulate the communication with the Vault.

Reviewer: "the user frontend" --> you mean the hosting frontend. The term user would be confusing here

## Setup

To use Piiano Forms, you need to have a Piiano Vault instance set up.

If you don’t have one, you can [sign up for a free sandbox vault](https://app.piiano.io/register) to get started.

Once you have your Vault set up, you can include the `@piiano/forms` package in your project with a package manager or directly from our CDN.

### npm

```bash
npm install @piiano/forms
```

### yarn

```bash
yarn add @piiano/forms
```

### pnpm

```bash
pnpm add @piiano/forms
```

### CDN

```html
<script src="https://cdn.piiano.com/pvault-forms-lib-v1.0.43.js"></script>
```

> **Note**
> 
> The CDN version of the library is available in few versions:
> - `pvault-forms-lib-latest.js`: The latest version of the library.
> - `pvault-forms-lib-v1.js`: The latest version with the v1 major version.
> - `pvault-forms-lib-v1.0.js`: The latest version in the v1.0 major & minor version.
> - `pvault-forms-lib-v1.0.43.js`: Get an exact version of the library by specifying the version number.
> 

> > It is recommended to use the exact version of the library in production to avoid breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to use the specific version of the library in production and not the latest version to avoid breaking changes.
```

> > To get a list of the exact versions available, you can check the [@piiano/forms](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@piiano/forms?activeTab=versions) package versions page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To get a list of the versions available, you can check the [@piiano/forms](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@piiano/forms?activeTab=versions) package versions page.
```
